[NEKU]
Not much of a river.
But still, Joshua was
bent on coming here.
Because it's where
the Composer is.
[BEAT] I knew it.
The Composer is CAT!
Why else would CAT be
makin' gear for the game
if he wasn't in charge of it?
Enjoy every moment
with all you've got.
Pi‐Face musta tore that wall up
'cause he knows the
Composer's down here, too.
Yeah.
I ain't lettin' him win.
Gotta save everyone!
For sure.
[NEKU]
Guess we made it.
Well, look who it is.
We ain't got time for you!
Outta the way, Taboo Breath!
It appears we've been foiled.
Why's that?
[MINAMIMOTO] There's a
barrier even I can't break.
Compliments of her
Iron Frostiness.
Which would imply she's
somewhere up ahead!
[MINAMIMOTO]
Typical hectopascal.
She's not "somewhere up
ahead," you zetta moron.
What?
But there's no place
else she could be!
Ha. What, you haven't noticed?
Noticed?
[KONISHI] Heh. I've been
with you the whole time.
[BEAT gasps]
You good?
Yeah. Thought I heard a voice.
I wasn't expecting
to reveal myself.
You should've been erased.
The hell were you doing
hidin' in my shadow?
[MINAMIMOTO]
Heh. You picked the wrong place
to put one of your barriers up,
so be a good girl
and take it down.
'Cause if you don't...
...you'll be river sludge
before you can count to three.
Very well. I'll comply under
one condition. Just one.
If you're able to
become the Composer,
I would like for you to
make me your new Conductor.
Does that sound fair?
Heh! You double‐crosser.
[KONISHI]
After analyzing the situation,
I have concluded Shibuya is
progressing toward a full stop.
There's no denying
revolution is upon us.
[KONISHI]
As such, who has the best odds
of surviving the ensuing chaos?
Why, a free spirit such
as yourself, of course.
[laughing]
Well, please excuse
my dear Aunt Sally!
Fear 'n' mercy are
nothin' but garbage!
I zetta dig your style!
You've got a deal.
[KONISHI]
Oh? Then no more barrier.
[MINAMIMOTO laughs]
[MINAMIMOTO]
Listen up!
Attention of every last binomial
here in the Underground!
You have a brand‐new Composer.
And his name is me!
[BOTH gasp]
Move!
[KONISHI] I can't allow
you boys to ruin things.
Not when my promotion's
all but assured.
Never mind who my
boss happens to be.
You bitch.
Rhyme, fly away!
Any and all disruptive elements
in my path shall be obliterated.
Thus, I predict...
this is the end for you!
[NEKU gasps]
What? We're floating?
[BEAT]
Weren't we just under ground?
[NEKU yelping]
Grab on!
Okay.
[KONISHI]
Over here!
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Like what you see?
[yells]
[chuckles]
Nothin' works on her!
Stay focused!
As if that will help.
[BOTH scream]
We won't last.
I'll act as a decoy
and buy some time.
While she's busy
comin' after me,
let 'er have it with the
strongest psych you've got!
If I don't make it outta here,
take care a' Rhyme for me.
Okay, Phones?
Yeah, screw you.
I'll snag Rhyme if
I can. That's all.
Only you can bring
her back to life!
Heh. Then let's do it
to it, partner!
Yo, Ironface! Check what
your future boss can do!
Vexatious worm. The only thing
in your future is defeat.
[BEAT]
A'ight then.
And when exactly do you figure
you're gonna put the
final nail in my coffin?
I'd love t' know!
Right now.
[BEAT grunts]
[KONISHI]
How stubborn you are.
Say good‐bye!
Know your place!
Not a scratch?
No!
[KONISHI] No sense in
hastening your death.
I'll take my time!
[NEKU yells]
They set me up to
fail this week,
but you still helped me.
Dumb move. Yet I trust in
those idiotic instincts.
Now let's go get Rhyme back.
For sure. And don't
forget about Shiki!
[BEAT]
Never again. Never!
[yells]
That light.
I already decided we're not
gonna let anyone else die!
So you won't be killin'
a dang thing today!
[yells]
Hey, Rhyme.
Now that Rhyme's back in our
corner, we've all but won!
[KONISHI]
You're far too presumptuous
considering this isn't over!
Yo, we need to concentrate!
You're the one telling me that?
[BOTH yell]
Feel that?
Yeah! Best not take
my lil' sis lightly!
[NEKU yells]
[KONISHI screams]
Her shadow's her weak point!
Sweet.
[KONISHI screaming]
What now?
Yo, no clue. I can't even see.
Whoa! Easy!
I'm sorry.
You got caught 'cause of me,
but never again, I swear!
[KONISHI]
This is impossible.
My projections
are always correct.
Sucks to be you, I guess.
You anomaly. How were you
able to summon a Noise?
You lost your status
as a Reaper!
Because I'm Rhyme's older
brother, that's how.
[chuckles]
It all boils down to a
bond between siblings?
How odd, since it's not genuine.
Huh?
Because I was made the
Game Master this week,
I was also made
aware of everything
that was taken as
your entry fees.
And your sister's memories
were your payment
for the first round.
What? Rhyme's memories
were my entry fee?
[NEKU] Don't listen to her,
Beat, she can't be trusted!
[KONISHI] Your precious sister's
entry fee was something else.
Meaning, you must not have
been very dear to her.
[KONISHI chuckles]
[KONISHI]
Oh, that look of utter despair.
It's just as I predicted.
Hold on.
If she's right, what'd Rhyme
pay to play the game?
[SHIKI]
Her dreams. Most likely.
[NEKU, BEAT gasp]
[NEKU]
Shiki?
When dreams got brought up,
Rhyme admitted she didn't know
what it felt like to have them.
[NOISE RHYME cooing]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
No way. Is that
really you? But how?
I'm honestly not sure since I
only came to a few seconds ago.
So, where are we?
And who's this cutie?
Yo! We did just beat Ironface.
[NEKU]
And it made the timer disappear.
Which means we won the game!
So they returned our
entry fees to us.
Uh, guys? No, they didn't.
'Cause I wouldn't look this
way if that were true.
[NEKU] I think it's because
we're still in the UG.
What I mean by that, well,
was you got returned.
You were my fee.
Uh. Wait! So they
took me as your fee?
Oh, gosh! That would mean...
Wait! Really?
Yeah.
They take what you value most,
and for Neku, that was you.
I... I'm sorry.
I just wanted for you
to have another chance.
Honestly, I wanted
to see you smiling.
Being happy and enjoying
Shibuya with your friends.
Wow. You've sure changed.
All thanks to you.
Uh. Me? But...
C'mon! I didn't do
anything special. Did I?
Plus, you and Beat
are the amazing ones!
You guys survived again!
So hopefully now we
can all come back.
No. I don't see that happening.
That guy would've shown.
Are you talkin' about Shades?
So we don't win
till he says we do?
Huh?
Over there. What's that?
Let's find out.
[NEKU]
It's Pi‐Face.
[ALL gasp]
[gasps]
Welcome to the final stage.
You all stand in the
Room of Reckoning.
Who cares?
Not me unless the
Composer's here.
The Composer is a noble being
that shepherds the human race
toward a brighter
and happier future.
He is on a far different plane
from egoists such as yourselves.
Like any of that matters!
It won't stop me from
takin' his place
'n' bringin' everyone
back to life!
[KITANIJI]
There it is.
That self‐serving rubbish
is the root of all suffering.
You, you're no different.
You wear those headphones
to block out
interpersonal connections.
I was convinced I didn't
need anybody else.
[KITANIJI] All the world's ills
can be traced to individuality.
That's what corrupted Shibuya.
The only way to salvage
this ward is if it's reborn.
Our purpose of this game was
to bring about that rebirth.
Shiki!
[KITANIJI] Interference
will not be condoned.
[NEKU] You bastard!
What did you do to her?
To right the countless wrongs...
Hey! Can you hear me?
[SHIKI] ...we shine this
light of true redemption.
Oh, man.
Shiki!
[SHIKI]
That this place...
She's like the other
mindless zombies we saw.
[chuckles]
...may become as paradise.
[KITANIJI, SHIKI] What a
wonderful world such would be.
[KITANIJI]
Almost too wonderful, and yet...
[KITANIJI, SHIKI]
...it's almost in reach.
[KITANIJI chuckles]
[screams]
[gasps]
[yelling]
Damn it!
[KITANIJI laughs]
What gives? What are you
hoping to achieve from this?
We ain't got time for all
these questions, Phones!
[SHIKI yells]
Don't hurt her!
She's not the enemy!
Look closer. In her pocket!
[NEKU]
It's glowing red.
[BEAT]
Yeah. From a Skull Pin.
No way.
[BEAT] Shades must've planned
this from the start.
If we got rid of it...
[BEAT]
Watch out!
[KITANIJI] Do you honestly
believe your mediocre skills
could contest both me
and the Composer?
[yells]
Yo. Brace yourself.
What?
Take your dumb game
and shove it!
[NEKU]
Shiki!
These pins caused everything.
The Composer's pins...
Mister Hanekoma's!
I should be long gone,
but you all saw me through.
Leave the rest to me.
I'll end it.
No. I can fight.
Shibuya must be preserved!
[gasps] A timer? I thought
only Players got those!
The clock's still ticking.
This world is like an
orchestra, in many ways.
Huh?
The key to most divine music
is a skilled conductor.
If a leader were to orchestrate
us under one ideal,
all could coexist in harmony.
Your ideals are twisted.
Take a look at all the Noise
swarming around you.
[KITANIJI] Shibuya's full
of negative emotions, too.
Rage. Hate. Misery. Envy.
Fear. Self‐deprecation.
A dissonance of countless
selfish wants will collide.
And swell into greater threats.
Crime and warfare are made real.
Remove the noise and I
remove all differences.
The world will
become as paradise.
Making everyone think alike?
You think that is paradise?
It is, indeed! Skull Pins
are making it real!
You were behind those?
[KITANIJI]
I did get the design
from the Composer's
Player Pins, I'll admit,
but the idea of using them
to save mankind is mine.
Because what I'm seeking
is to right the countless
wrongs of our day.
I wish to shine a light
so that every soul,
both living and dead,
may find paradise.
What a wonderful
world such would be.
No!
[NEKU] I've always been bad
at dealing with people.
I shut my ears to shut them out.
But if you don't clash,
you don't change.
Your world will never grow!
You can't enjoy the moment!
I've learned so much just
from clashing with people
in the Underground.
There were times I was
angry or anxious.
But I shouldn't be forced
to stifle my feelings!
Being passionate's a good thing!
I knew that you were the one.
Shibuya should stay as it is!
But you can go!
[NEKU]
"It's a Wonderful World."